This is a port of the modern LAPACKE bindings to J.
The original J addon for Lapack depended on CLAPACK
building a functional shared library. It doesn't seem
to support 64 bit linux, which is what I use, and
anyway, CLAPACK is preposterously out of date. LAPACKE
is apparently the modern way to do things. 

LAPACKE bindings make more sense, and will probably
work faster. They also allow for "native" row major, amd 
are long term more maintainable. The important change here
is lcall in lapack.ijs. It is oogly, because I am not yet
good at J, but it does what it is supposed to, and will 
hopefully improve over time with my skills. 

I used the latest lapack, lapack-3.4.2 to build the 
library. 
http://www.netlib.org/lapack/#_lapack_version_3_4_2_2

Building is simple:
cmake-gui 
cmake-gui: select build and source dirs
cmake-gui: select lapacke and optimized blas if desired 
cmake-gui: -> configure, generate
cmake . (at the command line to make sure you have the dependencies)
make

from there, copy lib/lapacke.so to 
~/j-lapacke/lapack.so

Unfortunately, distributing a shared library is presently
problematic, as lapacke is linked to several things, and
most Linux distributions don't have lapack libs which support
the lapacke bindings. I also don't want to do this again, when
linux catches up with what netlib/lapack are doing.


geev seems to work, though it is not thoroughly tested. I
don't understand the test script, but it ties out with
values in R.


I (or someone else) will eventually work through all the other 
files. In this order, probably (gesvd kind of works).

NB. gesvd  singular value decomposition (SVD) of a matrix
NB. gesv   solves the system A * X = B  (done, untested)
NB. gesvx   solves the system A * X = B (crashes J)
NB. gels   solves overdetermined or underdetermined systems (does something)
NB. gelss   computes the minimum norm solution to a linear (crashes J)
NB.         least squares problem using the SVD
NB. getrf LU factorization of a general M-by-N matrix (does something)
NB. geqlf  QL factorization of a M-by-N matrix
NB. geqrf  QR factorization of a M-by-N matrix (does something)
NB. gerqf  RQ factorization of a M-by-N matrix 
NB. heev   eigenvalues and eigenvectors of a square matrix (works)
NB. potrf   Cholesky factorization of a symmetric (Hermitian) (part done)
NB. trtrs   solves a triangular system A * X = B
NB. gees   Schur factorization of a square matrix
NB. gebal  balances a general square matrix
NB. gehrd   reduce a general square matrix to upper
NB.         Hessenberg form
NB. gelqf  LQ factorization of a M-by-N matrix
NB. potrf   Cholesky factorization of a symmetric (Hermitian)
NB.         positive definite matrix



Mostly, this is a place to store my addons/math/lapack 
until this is all done. I may only get to these intermittently,
as I generally have more need for eigenvalues than anything else.
The pattern established in geev should be fine for all the
others.




